Bond is reading Clive Cussler.
Bond stays up late to watch the golf.
Bond worries about his cholesterol.
Bond debates whether to buy white or wholemeal.
Bond sorts his socks.
Bond pulls a sickie.
Bond plays tictactoe - pretends it's nuclear war.
Bond just fucks off for a bit.
Bond double books a meeting.
Bond does his timesheets, badly.
Bond gets pissed off with the expenses process.
Bond moans about SAP.
Bond gets a haircut he's not that happy with.
Bond defrosts his freezer.
Bond takes the rubbish out.
Bond finds an envelope full of receipts, does his expenses.
Bond nips to the 24 hour garage for a pint of milk and some skins.
Bond cuts his toenails.
Bond runs out of toothpaste.
Bond overdoes it a bit, watches cartoons 'til he feels better.
Bond orders a takeaway off the internet because he has the fear and can't handle talking to someone on the phone.
Bond does the dishes.
Bond goes on and on to his mates about the time he saw Howard Marks do a talk.
Bond talks to Q about last night's Eastenders.
Bond explains the situation with a game of snap.
Bond gets to a meeting a bit early so walks round the block.
Bond has the kids for the weekend.
Bond trims the hedges.
Bond instagrams the cat.
Bond had his car fucked up by monkeys at the safari park.
Bond gets told off for not separating the recycling.
Bond is underwhelmed by Chessington World of Adventures.
Bond practices spying.
Bond spends the weekend playing Goldeneye on the N64.
Bond eats cold curry.
Bond forgets his drycleaning ticket.
Bond watches the cricket.
Bond shouts at the telly.
Bond finds a little blim in the bottom of a packet of Malboro Lights.
Bond misses the 82, waits for the 88 for what seems like ages.
Bond stole the mayorship of MI6 from M.
Bond writes a passive aggressive note about someone stealing his mug.
Bond plays Minecraft for days.
Bond deletes duplicates in iTunes.
Bond sees a pretzel dog.
Bond wonders what to call an untitled folder. Opts for "Spy stuff".
Bond puts all the files on his desktop into a new folder called 'Desktop'.
Bond dithers over 'employment sector' on a badly-designed form.
Bond orders a nice watch on bidup.tv
Bond tries to book a holiday.
Bond reminisces about Teletext.
Bond takes a long lunchbreak.
Bond negiotates with his travel agency to get a later flight so he gets a shorter layover.
Bond gets stoned. Watches a DVD menu for 3 hours.
Bond is too tired for it tonight.
Bond trawls lanyrd for conferences he will never go to.
Bond pokes Scaramanga.
Bond creates an okcupid profile.
Bond writes a talk for #spyconf.
Bond plays with his Lotus car configurator.
Bond glues his fingers together making a Spitfire model.
Bond sits on chewing gum.
Bond walks to the 4th floor and plays with a fax.
Bond goes upstairs and forgets what it was he wanted to do.
Bond leaves the gas on.
Bond puts Coast on series record.
Bond can't find his glasses.
Bond cleans the catbox.
Bond watches Bergerac.
Bond stays up late to watch the golf.
Bond puts on rubber gloves before doing the washing up.
Bond can't figure out his VHS.
Bond has milk and two sugars.
Bond sits at the back of the MI6 meeting and listlessly fiddles with his iPhone.
Bond gets out of puff walking up two flights with the shopping.
Bond watches people doing the cinnamon challenge on YouTube.
Bond burns his mouth on the first mouthful of soup.
Bond pronounces a word wrong.
Bond buys the new Mumford & Sons album.
Bond gets the Boots meal deal.
Bond breaks a nail.
Bond has hiccups.
Bond, hungover, retches slightly as he scoops the catfood into the bowl. Then goes back to bed.
Bond books a flight.
Bond's mum rings.
Bond has indigestion.
Bond reformats a USB stick to FAT32.
Bond is looking at sheds.
Bond bought a 2kg drum of Hellmann's mayonnaise from Costco.
Bond has a Rennie.
Bond has his name misspelt on his Starbuck's order.
Bond makes a cup-a-soup.
Bond can't find a ripe avocado.
Bond stubbed his toe on the corner of the sofa.
Bond takes his own sweets to the cinema.
Bond separates the washing.
Bond drops his pen.
Bond goes to MFI.
Bond gets a headache at Westfield.
Bond itemises his phone bill.
Bond has a white chocolate Magnum. 
Bond takes the bin out.
Bond avoids a stop and chat.
Bond chases a cat off his lawn.
Bond bumps into an ex girlfriend in Waitrose.
Bond talks to Q about last night's Eastenders.
Bond is running out of teabags.
Bond is looking for the right sized allen key.
Bond isn't very good at ironing.
Bond has a cough.
Bond overdoes it on the finger food.
Bond won't tolerate lactose.
Bond worries about his breath.
Bond buys the papers.
Bond's sock has a hole in it.
Bond asks for LinkedIn endorsements.
Bond wonders if his new profile pic makes him look fat.
Bond should be in bed, but is instead browsing ex-girlfriends on Facebook.
Bond calls Moneypenny 'Funnypenny'.
Bond is a bit grumpy.
Bond can't pronounce someone's name.
Bond is annoyed that she squeezed the toothpaste at the top of the tube.
Bond does a Sudoku.
Bond draws extra mustaches, monocles on adverts in Soldier of Fortune magazine.
Bond reads an old Tatler in the GP's waiting room.
Bond gets a check up.
Bond gets his jabs done.
Bond can't send a text.
Bond stubs his toe on a cupboard.
Bond looks up a word.
Bond does the hoovering.
Bond has a sneezing fit.
Bond cancels his gym membership.
Bond can't stop giggling at an animated gif of a dog doing something.
Bond microwaves his tea.
Bond burns his toast.
Bond trips over his shoelace.
Bond can't hang a picture.
Bond forgets how to tie a tie.
Bond adds a book to his wishlist.
Bond can't pronounce someone's name.
Bond sings along to songs on the radio, changing words to 'guns' and 'England'.
Bond broke the tin opener.
Bond browses eBay for stuff made out of tactical materials.
Bond breaks the ringpull off.
Bond is looking for his car keys.
Bond can't be arsed.
Bond is watching Antiques Roadshow in his dressing gown.
Bond gets sandwich dressing on his tie.
Bond buys a new deodorant.
Bond finishes off the cheese.
Bond nips over the road for a pint of milk and a Curly Wurly.
Bond does the recycling.
Bond organises his books by colour.
Bond doesn't finish the cryptic crossword.
Bond forgets what he was saying.
Bond was sure he had a point.
Bond can only stay for a half.
Bond leaves a note on the fridge door. 
Bond draws a smiley face in the mirror condensation.
Bond engineers a stop and chat. 
Bond browses Kindle books he will never read.
Bond looks at some Manga from 2007 that he might buy.
Bond is a tiny bit late for work.
Bond goes to a carboot sale.
Bond thinks about buying a tea-cosy.
Bond is cleaning mud off his walking boots.
Bond left a beer in the freezer.
Bond has had his five-a-day.
Bond is crying over when Spock dies. 
Bond is watching Friends re-runs.
Bond is reading Jeremy Clarkson's latest book.
Bond has booked a red-letter day at Silverstone.
Bond is topping up his diesel.
Bond sets his out of office.
Bond is "just saying" is all.
Bond retweets Graham Linehan.
Bond uses handsfree.
Bond picks up a Poirot VHS box-set from Oxfam.
Bond calls HMRC to sort out his tax return.
Bond Googles himself.
Bond is on hold.
Bond watches the director's commentary.
Bond naps in the conservatory.
Bond cannot abide fruit in salads.
Bond forgot to pay the council tax again.
Bond sets up a direct debit for home insurance.
Bond wonders - if he could be an animal - which one?
Bond hates it when people bring their kids into the office.
Bond compares the market.
Bond creosotes the fence.
Bond flicks endlessly between tabs.
Bond picks up his suit from the dry cleaners, but it looks exactly the same.
Bond dunks his Rich Tea for too long and it breaks off into his cuppa.
Bond looks at himself in the mirror.
Bond tells himself it's going to be fine.
Bond looks for grey hairs.
Bond scratches.
Bond flosses.
Bond has a bit of chicken stuck between his teeth.
Bond doesn't finish his apple.
Bond books a taxi.
Bond feeds the pigeons.
Bond skims a stone.
Bond tops up his Oyster card.
Bond misses a call.
Bond hums Daydream Believer.
Bond browses the M&S sale.
Bond has a Horlicks.
Bond picks up a ratchet screwdriver at the checkout at B&Q, plays with it a bit, puts it down again.
Bond answers 'maybe' to all his Facebook event invitations.
Bond clicks like on Bread.
Bond tries to find a torrent for Porridge.
Bond combs his hair.
Bond sighs.
Bond takes his shoes off.
Bond has a bubble bath.
Bond can't get the smoke detector to shut up.
Bond gets lost in Westfield.
Bond makes a 'keep calm' poster.
Bond speaks in the third person.
Bond tries to get out of a leaving do.
Bond signs a leaving card.
Bond thinks up an excuse.
Bond has a .jpg for an email signature.
Bond whittles.
Bond is on a conference call. Doodling.
Bond draws a cock on a misty window.
Bond scours his IM contacts.
Bond queues at the Post Office.
Bond buys a book of stamps.
Bond has a papercut.
Bond has a delivery note from the postman.
Bond broke a nail.
Bond has a splinter.
Bond puts the carrot shavings on the compost heap.
Bond bookmarks a recipe.
Bond has a rash.
Bond waters the flower bed.
Bond is doing his Ocado order.
Bond can't decide which bacon to buy.
Bond is sorting tools in his shed.
Bond gets his winter coat out.
Bond builds a retaining wall.
Bond makes some raised beds for his vegetable plot.
Bond drinks a Babycham.
Bond eats dry roasted peanuts.
Bond comes in for dinner.
Bond joins CAMRA.
Bond replaces the guttering.
Bond has lost a slipper.
Bond does a GroupOn.
Bond is watching the snooker.
Bond is thinking about pebble-dashing the front of the house.
Bond got crazy paving for his driveway.
Bond is playing mini-golf.
Bond sits on a chair.
Bond shuffles his chair over to the printer and back to his desk.
Bond adjusts his chair.
Bond spins round in his chair.
Bond adds another article to Instapaper.
Bond can't get the printer to work.
Bond installs new drivers.
Bond franks some mail.
Bond is using a Soda Stream.
Bond writes an email.
Bond picks his Fantasy Football team.
Bond fills the kettle.
Bond makes small talk with the receptionist.
Bond thinks he has to be somewhere.
Bond puffs a pillow.
Bond books an opticians' appointment.
Bond is having the builders in.
Bond sat on his reading glasses.
Bond fell asleep on the sofa.
Bond adjusts his screen settings.
Bond is having an OK day.
Bond sniffs the milk to see if it's okay.
Bond flips his pillow over to the cold side.
Bond moans about coupons
Bond drinks the alcohol-free lager.
Bond queries an invoice.
Bond is considering a water element for the garden.
Bond puts down some slug pellets.
Bond is looking for the remote control.
Bond has a kidney stone.
Bond uses self-service checkout
Bond has counted the pennies in the penny jar.
Bond is saving £2 coins.
Bond has found his lost slipper.
Bond has an opinion about fixed-rate mortgages.
Bond is wearing an Arran jumper.
Bond just called a hotline.
Bond renewed his RAC membership.
Bond wonders if he should get a new scarf for winter.
Bond clears out the salad drawer.
Bond cleans his bicycle chain.
Bond bins some out of date spices.
Bond is comparing prices.
Bond pours too much milk into his tea.
Bond is waiting to cross the road.
Bond watches Jools Holland.
Bond turns the tap on too high.
Bond waves to the vicar.
Bond tries to grow a moustache.
Bond is working on a scale model.
Bond has baked a cake.
Bond missed his bus.
Bond has pickled some onions.
Bond can't make the cribbage night.
Bond is down the Legion.
Bond has packed some sandwiches.
Bond explains the rules of Gin Rummy.
Bond descales the kettle.
Bond is writing a letter to the editor
Bond needs a pound coin for the trolley.
Bond is flicking through his Readers Digest.
Bond buys an open return.
Bond does the ironing.
Bond is down the Cash & Carry.
Bond undoes the top button.
Bond is having his prostate examined.
Bond spells his own name wrong.
Bond is covered in vandal grease.
Bond gets a mole removed.
Bond clocks off early.
Bond has painted his socks on.
Bond puts 20p in a RNIB dog.
Bond is collecting foil.
Bond talks to his plants.
Bond cracks his iPhone screen.
Bond leaves his phone in a taxi.
Bond irons his pyjamas.
Bond is looking for the spot where the foxes are getting under the fence.
Bond has a crick in his neck.
Bond has a moth problem.
Bond sets a mousetrap.
Bond pauses outside the bar to check for bad breath.
Bond cannot fathom why Ocado thought this was a reasonable substitution.
Bond's washing machine is leaking.
Bond is fiddling with the boiler.
Bond is waiting in for a delivery. 
Bond is cleaning the bathroom.
Bond is watching Grand Designs.
Bond is putting all his DVDs back in the right cases.
Bond takes the mince out of the freezer.
Bond changes the batteries in the TV remote.
Bond reheats his tea in the microwave.
Bond buys a JML thing.
Bond takes part in a radio phone-in.
Bond gets annoyed by the Today programme.
Bond asks people what they call bread rolls where they're from.
Bond takes the bus.
Bond isn't sure about ebooks.
Bond bought too many eggs.
Bond remembers what it was he meant to say earlier.
Bond invites everyone to Go-Karting.
Bond is paintballing.
Bond doesn't do rounds.
Bond dithers over which pickled onions to buy.
Bond has Athlete's Foot.
Bond creosotes the fence.
Bond tidies the shelves.
Bond arranges his binder files.
Bond doesn't have a £1 coin for the trolley.
Bond knocked over the aloe vera plant.
Bond boils the kettle.
Bond is disappointed by this muffin.
Bond puts his miscellaneous world currency into a dish.
Bond fully intends to take the mug downstairs.
Bond buys the same book because it has a nicer cover.
Bond considers investing in solar panels.
Bond barters over an 'vintage' sewing box.
Bond can't open a .docx file.
Bond emails a tweet to a colleague.
Bond forgot to set up a Direct Debit for his council tax.
Bond waved at someone he thought he knew.
Bond is banging on about his new 10k PB.
Bond is wearing the mackerelbone suit today.
Bond shelves his plans.
Bond isn't very good at talking to children.
Bond wheezes after blowing up a balloon.
Bond polishes his shoes.
Bond gets a tumblr.
Bond has cat hair all over his slacks.
Bond is thinking of switching to decaff.
Bond got spooked by a woodlouse.
Bond spilt his tea on the way back from the canteen.
Bond just completely phased out of what M was saying.
Bond is pickling root vegetables.
Bond coughed on the back of someone's head.
