Bond overdoes it on the finger food.
Bond nips over the road for a pint of milk and a Curly Wurly.
Bond does the recycling.
Bond puts his miscellaneous world currency into a dish.
Bond doesn't finish his apple.
Bond glues his fingers together making a Spitfire model.
Bond retweets Graham Linehan.
Bond gets to a meeting a bit early so walks round the block.
Bond should be in bed, but is instead browsing ex-girlfriends on Facebook.
Bond is too tired for it tonight.
Bond itemises his phone bill.
Bond pauses outside the bar to check for bad breath.
Bond is annoyed that she squeezed the toothpaste at the top of the tube.
Bond explains the rules of Gin Rummy.
Bond queues at the Post Office.
Bond puts on rubber gloves before doing the washing up.
Bond drinks the alcohol-free lager.
Bond comes in for dinner.
Bond nips to the 24 hour garage for a pint of milk and some skins.
Bond spends the weekend playing Goldeneye on the N64.
Bond writes a passive aggressive note about someone stealing his mug.
Bond wonders - if he could be an animal - which one?
Bond gets a haircut he's not that happy with.
Bond can't get the printer to work.
Bond sniffs the milk to see if it's okay.
Bond fills the kettle.
Bond cannot fathom why Ocado thought this was a reasonable substitution.
Bond calls HMRC to sort out his tax return.
Bond is having his prostate examined.
Bond thinks about buying a tea-cosy.
Bond, hungover, retches slightly as he scoops the catfood into the bowl. Then goes back to bed.
Bond fell asleep on the sofa.
Bond does a GroupOn.
Bond pours too much milk into his tea.
Bond buys an open return.
Bond builds a retaining wall.
Bond explains the situation with a game of snap.
Bond is thinking of switching to decaff.
Bond stays up late to watch the golf.
Bond has hiccups.
Bond flips his pillow over to the cold side.
Bond gets a check up.
Bond talks to Q about last night's Eastenders.
Bond gets stoned. Watches a DVD menu for 3 hours.
Bond irons his pyjamas.
Bond reminisces about Teletext.
Bond cuts his toenails.
Bond arranges his binder files.
Bond is watching Antiques Roadshow in his dressing gown.
Bond replaces the guttering.
Bond gets his jabs done.
Bond pulls a sickie.
Bond asks for LinkedIn endorsements.
Bond negiotates with his travel agency to get a later flight so he gets a shorter layover.
Bond takes a long lunchbreak.
Bond sets a mousetrap.
Bond spells his own name wrong.
Bond can't find his glasses.
Bond buys a JML thing.
Bond overdoes it a bit, watches cartoons 'til he feels better.
Bond hates it when people bring their kids into the office.
Bond is collecting foil.
Bond has his name misspelt on his Starbuck's order.
Bond goes upstairs and forgets what it was he wanted to do.
Bond finds an envelope full of receipts, does his expenses.
Bond clocks off early.
Bond compares the market.
Bond has a splinter.
Bond is thinking about pebble-dashing the front of the house.
Bond broke a nail.
Bond draws extra mustaches, monocles on adverts in Soldier of Fortune magazine.
Bond answers 'maybe' to all his Facebook event invitations.
Bond feeds the pigeons.
Bond is reading Clive Cussler.
Bond puts the carrot shavings on the compost heap.
Bond looks for grey hairs.
Bond is putting all his DVDs back in the right cases.
Bond picks up a ratchet screwdriver at the checkout at B&Q, plays with it a bit, puts it down again.
Bond is running out of teabags.
Bond is watching Friends re-runs.
Bond waved at someone he thought he knew.
Bond can't make the cribbage night.
Bond has lost a slipper.
Bond has a Rennie.
Bond adds a book to his wishlist.
Bond combs his hair.
Bond instagrams the cat.
Bond watches Jools Holland.
Bond bought a 2kg drum of Hellmann's mayonnaise from Costco.
Bond hasn't really got a headache but takes a Neurofen anyway.
Bond has milk and two sugars.
Bond sits at the back of the MI6 meeting and listlessly fiddles with his iPhone.
Bond is doing his Ocado order.
Bond installs new drivers.
Bond watches people doing the cinnamon challenge on YouTube.
Bond gets a mole removed.
Bond fully intends to take the mug downstairs.
Bond is watching Grand Designs.
Bond forgot to pay the council tax again.
Bond leaves a note on the fridge door. 
Bond has counted the pennies in the penny jar.
Bond can't figure out his VHS.
Bond doesn't have a £1 coin for the trolley.
Bond Googles himself.
Bond spends £6 on goats cheese at the farmer's market.
Bond worries about his breath.
Bond asks people what they call bread rolls where they're from.
Bond is paintballing.
Bond gets sandwich dressing on his tie.
Bond makes a 'keep calm' poster.
Bond leaves his phone in a taxi.
Bond can't find a ripe avocado.
Bond is reading Jeremy Clarkson's latest book.
Bond signs a leaving card.
Bond turns the tap on too high.
Bond tries to get out of a leaving do.
Bond buys a book of stamps.
Bond is having an OK day.
Bond makes a cup-a-soup.
Bond is looking for his car keys.
Bond takes his own sweets to the cinema.
Bond is cleaning mud off his walking boots.
Bond is fiddling with the boiler.
Bond takes the bin out.
Bond is looking for the right sized allen key.
Bond isn't sure about ebooks.
Bond goes to a carboot sale.
Bond broke the tin opener.
Bond thinks he has to be somewhere.
Bond takes the bus.
Bond takes the mince out of the freezer.
Bond tops up his Oyster card.
Bond trims the hedges.
Bond can't hang a picture.
Bond takes part in a radio phone-in.
Bond browses the M&S sale.
Bond does the hoovering.
Bond is banging on about his new 10k PB.
Bond changes the batteries in the TV remote.
Bond writes an email.
Bond adds another article to Instapaper.
Bond had his car fucked up by monkeys at the safari park.
Bond franks some mail.
Bond sees a pretzel dog.
Bond eats cold curry.
Bond moans about coupons
Bond gets the Boots meal deal.
Bond breaks a nail.
Bond does the dishes.
Bond needs a pound coin for the trolley.
Bond talks to his plants.
Bond descales the kettle.
Bond sings along to songs on the radio, changing words to 'guns' and 'England'.
Bond goes to MFI.
Bond books a taxi.
Bond clicks like on Bread.
Bond is a bit grumpy.
Bond walks to the 4th floor and plays with a fax.
Bond has the kids for the weekend.
Bond forgets his drycleaning ticket.
Bond emails a tweet to a colleague.
Bond can't be arsed.
Bond browses Kindle books he will never read.
Bond is having the builders in.
Bond gets told off for not separating the recycling.
Bond picks his Fantasy Football team.
Bond can't decide which bacon to buy.
Bond hums Daydream Believer.
Bond worries about his cholesterol.
Bond won't tolerate lactose.
Bond tidies the shelves.
Bond forgets what he was saying.
Bond waters the flower bed.
Bond clears out the salad drawer.
Bond flicks endlessly between tabs.
Bond got spooked by a woodlouse.
Bond misses a call.
Bond puts all the files on his desktop into a new folder called 'Desktop'.
Bond sighs.
Bond trawls lanyrd for conferences he will never go to.
Bond drinks a Babycham.
Bond misses the 82, waits for the 88 for what seems like ages.
Bond's mum rings.
Bond scratches.
Bond whittles.
Bond calls Moneypenny 'Funnypenny'.
Bond is covered in vandal grease.
Bond is on a conference call. Doodling.
Bond sets his out of office.
Bond cleans the catbox.
Bond bins some out of date spices.
Bond has a sneezing fit.
Bond plays Minecraft for days.
Bond double books a meeting.
Bond chases a cat off his lawn.
Bond spins round in his chair.
Bond just completely phased out of what M was saying.
Bond shouts at the telly.
Bond can only stay for a half.
Bond is wearing an Arran jumper.
Bond invites everyone to Go-Karting.
Bond looks at himself in the mirror.
Bond is saving £2 coins.
Bond gets pissed off with the expenses process.
Bond gets out of puff walking up two flights with the shopping.
Bond practices spying.
Bond books a flight.
Bond makes small talk with the receptionist.
Bond stubs his toe on a cupboard.
Bond knocked over the aloe vera plant.
Bond thinks up an excuse.
Bond waves to the vicar.
Bond finds a little blim in the bottom of a packet of Malboro Lights.
Bond was sure he had a point.
Bond is sorting tools in his shed.
Bond leaves it too late to buy a cheap train ticket.
Bond writes a talk for #spyconf.
Bond queries an invoice.
Bond uses handsfree.
Bond leaves the gas on.
Bond's washing machine is leaking.
Bond polishes his shoes.
Bond has a delivery note from the postman.
Bond cannot abide fruit in salads.
Bond has a crick in his neck.
Bond just fucks off for a bit.
Bond doesn't do rounds.
Bond does his timesheets, badly.
Bond watches Bergerac.
Bond renewed his RAC membership.
Bond is waiting in for a delivery. 
Bond undoes the top button.
Bond has a rash.
Bond is down the Cash & Carry.
Bond is looking for the remote control.
Bond wonders if his new profile pic makes him look fat.
Bond eats dry roasted peanuts.
Bond flosses.
Bond is disappointed by this muffin.
Bond picks up a Poirot VHS box-set from Oxfam.
Bond can't stop giggling at an animated gif of a dog doing something.
Bond reheats his tea in the microwave.
Bond can't open a .docx file.
Bond creosotes the fence.
Bond finishes off the cheese.
Bond cancels his gym membership.
Bond just called a hotline.
Bond dithers over which pickled onions to buy.
Bond has cat hair all over his slacks.
Bond joins CAMRA.
Bond browses eBay for stuff made out of tactical materials.
Bond trips over his shoelace.
Bond sorts his socks.
Bond does the ironing.
Bond is cleaning the bathroom.
Bond can't pronounce someone's name.
Bond gets his winter coat out.
Bond wheezes after blowing up a balloon.
Bond buys the new Mumford & Sons album.
Bond bookmarks a recipe.
Bond spilt his tea on the way back from the canteen.
Bond can't get the smoke detector to shut up.
Bond goes on and on to his mates about the time he saw Howard Marks do a talk.
Bond is writing a letter to the editor
Bond debates whether to buy white or wholemeal.
Bond has a bit of chicken stuck between his teeth.
Bond forgets how to tie a tie.
Bond gets a headache at Westfield.
Bond adjusts his chair.
Bond has a kidney stone.
Bond sits on a chair.
Bond sets up a direct debit for home insurance.
Bond burns his toast.
Bond missed his bus.
Bond is underwhelmed by Chessington World of Adventures.
Bond has booked a red-letter day at Silverstone.
Bond has a .jpg for an email signature.
Bond tries to grow a moustache.
Bond shelves his plans.
Bond is watching the snooker.
Bond avoids a stop and chat.
Bond creates an okcupid profile.
Bond is "just saying" is all.
Bond is on hold.
Bond wonders if he should get a new scarf for winter.
Bond is considering a water element for the garden.
Bond is playing mini-golf.
Bond sits on chewing gum.
Bond is working on a scale model.
Bond dunks his Rich Tea for too long and it breaks off into his cuppa.
Bond moans about SAP.
Bond is wearing the mackerelbone suit today.
Bond takes his shoes off.
Bond runs out of toothpaste.
Bond pronounces a word wrong.
Bond cracks his iPhone screen.
Bond isn't very good at talking to children.
Bond speaks in the third person.
Bond uses self-service checkout
Bond defrosts his freezer.
Bond has an opinion about fixed-rate mortgages.
Bond picks up his suit from the dry cleaners, but it looks exactly the same.
Bond buys the papers.
Bond considers the possibility that Gary Barlow is now a national treasure.
Bond considers investing in solar panels.
Bond gets a tumblr.
Bond coughed on the back of someone's head.
Bond has Athlete's Foot.
Bond is waiting to cross the road.
Bond has baked a cake.
Bond is looking for the spot where the foxes are getting under the fence.
Bond is crying over when Spock dies. 
Bond stole the mayorship of MI6 from M.
Bond separates the washing.
Bond looks at some Manga from 2007 that he might buy.
Bond draws a cock on a misty window.
Bond reads an old Tatler in the GP's waiting room.
Bond tells himself it's going to be fine.
Bond is down the Legion.
Bond orders a takeaway off the internet because he has the fear and can't handle talking to someone on the phone.
Bond burns his mouth on the first mouthful of soup.
Bond gets lost in Westfield.
Bond breaks the ringpull off.
Bond makes some raised beds for his vegetable plot.
Bond watches the director's commentary.
Bond got crazy paving for his driveway.
Bond isn't very good at ironing.
Bond stubbed his toe on the corner of the sofa.
Bond draws a smiley face in the mirror condensation.
Bond tries to find a torrent for Porridge.
Bond has had his five-a-day.
Bond reformats a USB stick to FAT32.
Bond engineers a stop and chat. 
Bond books an opticians' appointment.
Bond sat on his reading glasses.
Bond is topping up his diesel.
Bond puts down some slug pellets.
Bond has found his lost slipper.
Bond has indigestion.
Bond buys two tubes of toothpaste that taste like shit by mistake because they were on offer.
Bond has a bubble bath.
Bond is a tiny bit late for work.
Bond doesn't finish the cryptic crossword.
Bond gets annoyed by the Today programme.
Bond looks up a word.
Bond has a papercut.
Bond deletes duplicates in iTunes.
Bond takes the rubbish out.
Bond has packed some sandwiches.
Bond skims a stone.
Bond watches the cricket.
Bond forgot to set up a Direct Debit for his council tax.
Bond buys the same book because it has a nicer cover.
Bond boils the kettle.
Bond is looking at sheds.
Bond picks up his suit from the dry cleaners.
Bond has pickled some onions.
Bond shuffles his chair over to the printer and back to his desk.
Bond wonders what to call an untitled folder. Opts for "Spy stuff".
Bond organises his books by colour.
Bond left a beer in the freezer.
Bond pokes Scaramanga.
Bond puts 20p in a RNIB dog.
Bond drops his pen.
Bond has a moth problem.
Bond plays with his Lotus car configurator.
Bond remembers what it was he meant to say earlier.
Bond has a cough.
Bond has painted his socks on.
Bond has a Horlicks.
Bond barters over an 'vintage' sewing box.
Bond buys a new deodorant.
Bond bumps into an ex girlfriend in Waitrose.
Bond microwaves his tea.
Bond puffs a pillow.
Bond has a nice day out at a stately home for free on his parents in law's National Trust card.
Bond is flicking through his Readers Digest.
Bond naps in the conservatory.
Bond tries to book a holiday.
Bond dithers over 'employment sector' on a badly-designed form.
Bond's sock has a hole in it.
Bond bought too many eggs.
Bond puts Coast on series record.
Bond adjusts his screen settings.
Bond scours his IM contacts.
Bond has an opinion about Miley Cyrus.
Bond did his tax return.
Bond is watching a Scandinavian crime drama.
Bond is checking the salt level in the dishwasher.
Bond pretends a banana is a gun, then peels it.
Bond can't remember the name of the hotel for the immigration landing card.
Bond is reviewing his pension auto-enrolment information.
Bond plays tictactoe - pretends it's nuclear war.
Bond does a Sudoku.
Bond orders a nice watch on bidup.tv
Bond cleans his bicycle chain.
Bond is comparing prices.
Bond is using a Soda Stream.
Bond has a white chocolate Magnum. 
Bond made his soup too hot in the microwave.
Bond can't send a text.
Bond is pickling root vegetables.
Bond lost a contact lens.
Bond is looking at hoovers.
Bond is hiding behind the sofa.
Bond is putting TCP on some bites.
Bond went to Hampstead to recover his debit card from the pub. 
Bond is watching Pointless.
Bond has bought a Kindle Fire HD.
Bond is reading How To Be A Woman, to understand a bit more. 
Bond boils an egg.
Bond is watching Men Behaving Badly.
Bond is trying to convince friends to come and see a Freddie Mercury tribute act at the British Legion.
Bond moisturises. 
Bond buys a bunch of liquorice from Copenhagen airport.
Bond fell asleep trying to watch the free five minute preview of Television X.
Bond bought some car insurance so that he could have a cuddly toy.
Bond forgot the password to his tumblr.
Bond adds all his books to GoodReads. 
Bond remembers when Bond was an egg.
Bond makes a joke about Ross (from FRIENDS). 
Bond links to Mashable.
Bond has a Skype call with his financial advisor on Sunday afternoon.
Bond is listening to Now 27 on Spotify.
Bond isn't into it today.
Bond books a cottage holiday in Dorset.
Bond defrosts the freezer.
Bond considers getting a feature rug for the front room.
Bond is attending Grand Designs Live at the Birmingham NEC.
Bond can't work out how to turn the commentary off on his Zulu DVD.
Bond quotes Withnail & I.
Bond is having noodles in Genting Club.
Bond sets a reminder on his Sky+.
Bond has a meaningful discussion about shampoo. 
Bond has a bowl of Special K. 
Bond tries to make everyone in the office do the Harlem Shake.
Bond kicked the football back to the boys in the park.
Bond orders a pizza from Just-Eat.
Bond spends five minutes trying to do a good Alan Partridge impression.
Bond forgot to take the washing out of the machine. 
Bond left a tissue in his trouser pocket.
Bond backs a feminist Kickstarter campaign.
Bond broke a saucer.
Bond has an opinion about the third Interpol album.